#Python-Tkinter-FGDC-Metadata-Editor-GUI

This script creates a tkinder GUI interface for the editing of geospatial metadata in the FGDC format.  Following the Open GeoPortals Metadata Best Practices Guide, the tool focuses on critical metadata fields only.  In addition to editing/compiling the datasets metadata, the tool will force for file re-naming corresponding to the Location_Theme_Year format recommended by GeoMAPP. Current support is only for shapefiles, though this can easily be changed in the script.  The initial window (first_frame_master) allows you to select the input and output directories for reading and writing, as well as any default info that will likely be uniform across all datasets (Host Insitution, Contact Info, etc.).  A persistent unique identifiers (PUI) prefix field is also here.  The University of Arizona will be using registered DOI for PUI, so it is included in this section.  As each dataset is edited, a copy of the xml file is created in the folder tmpXMLFiles, which itself will be created in the input data directory.  This is done so that no changes will be made to the original file.  In order to proceed to the next dataset, all fields must be filled in and updated with the "Update Fields" button (or the dataset can be skipped with SKIP).  For the theme keywords section, the program will look for a themekey thesaurus (themekt element) with the value,"ISO 19115 Topic Category".  If it is not found, it will created a new parent theme element (theme) with a child themekt element "ISO 19115 Topic Category". Any theme keywords (themekey) elements created from here will be created under this theme parent.  The OGP metadata best practices recommend that Place Keywords follow the GNS thesaurus.  This has not been tied into the program, though the practice should be followed through external reference.  The final frame will give a summary once all datasets have been iterated through.

Open Geoportal
www.opengeoportal.org

Best Practices Guide
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IeFjKMqXYhNwG6q8DiG7f3EthPpAo_KTOQM52obLH04/edit
